=Work related stuff=
==Frontend==
===Mithril===
===Links===
- https://mithril.js.org/

==Web Services==
Content type definitions"
- .xls -- `application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet`
- .csv -- `text/csv`
- .pdf -- `application/pdf`

==Java==
===Jackson Object Mapper===
===Links===
- http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java-json/jackson-objectmapper.html#read-object-from-json-string
===TL;DR;===
The Jackson ObjectMapper class (com.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMapper) is the simplest way to parse JSON with Jackson. The Jackson ObjectMapper can parse JSON from a string, stream or file, and create a Java object or object graph representing the parsed JSON. Parsing JSON into Java objects is also referred to as to deserialize Java objects from JSON.

The Jackson ObjectMapper can also create JSON from Java objects. Generating JSON from Java objects is also referred to as to serialize Java objects into JSON.

The Jackson Object mapper can parse JSON into objects of classes developed by you, or into objects of the built-in JSON tree model.

By the way, the reason it is called ObjectMapper is because it maps JSON into Java Objects (deserialization), or Java Objects into JSON (serialization).

* Read Object from JSON String
Reading a Java object from a JSON string is pretty easy. You have actually already seen an example of how. The JSON string is passed as the first parameter to the ObjectMapper's readValue() method. Here is another simplified example:
{{{java
ObjectMapper objectMapper = new ObjectMapper();

String carJson =
    "{ \"brand\" : \"Mercedes\", \"doors\" : 5 }";

Car car = objectMapper.readValue(carJson, Car.class);
}}}

* Ignore Unknown JSON Fields
Sometimes you have more fields in the JSON than you do in the Java object you want to read from the JSON. By default Jackson throws an exception in that case, saying that it does not know field XYZ because it is not found in the Java object.

However, sometimes it should be allowed to have more fields in the JSON than in the corresponding Java object. For instance, if you are parsing JSON from a REST service which contains much more data than you need. In that case, Jackson enables you to ignore these extra fields with a Jackson configuration. Here is how configuring the Jackson ObjectMapper to ignore unknown fields looks:
`objectMapper.configure(DeserializationFeature.FAIL_ON_UNKNOWN_PROPERTIES, false);`

===LocalDateTime (Java 8)===
It turns out Java does not accept a bare Date value as DateTime. Using LocalDate instead of LocalDateTime solves the issue:
{{{
DateTimeFormatter formatter = DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern("yyyyMMdd");
LocalDate dt = LocalDate.parse("20140218", formatter);
}}}

===Setting the Decimal Place of a Big Decimal Value===
{{{
import java.math.BigDecimal;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String[] argv) throws Exception {
    int decimalPlaces = 2;
    BigDecimal bd = new BigDecimal("123456789.0123456890");
     
    bd = bd.setScale(decimalPlaces, BigDecimal.ROUND_DOWN);
    String string = bd.toString();
  }
}
}}}

===Getting `ZoneOffset` from `ZoneId`===
{{{
Instant instant = Instant.now(); //can be LocalDateTime
ZoneId systemZone = ZoneId.systemDefault(); // my timezone
ZoneOffset currentOffsetForMyZone = systemZone.getRules().getOffset(instant);
}}}

===JXLS using SimpleExporter===
It requires the following dependencies on your project:
`runtimeLibs "org.jxls:jxls:${Settings.jxls.version}"`
`runtimeLibs "org.jxls:jxls-poi:${Settings.jxlspoi.version}"`

You should use POI transformer to use SimpleExporter. The Java code for this example looks like this:
{{{
    try(OutputStream os1 = new FileOutputStream("target/simple_export_output1.xls")) {
        List<Employee> employees = generateSampleEmployeeData();
        List<String> headers = Arrays.asList("Name", "Birthday", "Payment");
        SimpleExporter exporter = new SimpleExporter();
        exporter.gridExport(headers, employees, "name, birthDate, payment", os1);

        // now let's show how to register custom template
        try (InputStream is = SimpleExporterDemo.class.getResourceAsStream(template)) {
            try (OutputStream os2 = new FileOutputStream("target/simple_export_output2.xlsx")) {
                exporter.registerGridTemplate(is);
                headers = Arrays.asList("Name", "Payment", "Birth Date");
                exporter.gridExport(headers, employees, "name,payment, birthDate,", os2);
            }
        }
    }
}}}
